1.1 Think About Time
The productivity idea that resonated most with me was the Pomodoro technique. I often struggle with keeping distractions off my work time, and I feel that by setting up a reward system using this technique I will improve my productivity. The Pomodoro technique is a form of "Time Boxing", specifically set at 25 minutes. Time Boxing means to set a time by which an individual or team will stop working and either take a break or review the work done. During my time at DBC I will have my phone on timer mode and set at 25 min with a smooth alarm sound. I will also use a web app that allows you to block certain websites for any time you like, thus preventing you from dozing off from your work into your most used distractions. Currently I do not have a specific technique to manage my time, at times I find myself procrastinating for most of the time I had to work, and other times I am "in the zone" for most of the time. I do not believe this "method" of time managements is working for me; I need to get into the habit of a method that allows me to have a reliably consistent rate of output as I will be working with deadlines and other expectations. My plan for phase 0 is not to value my work in terms of time, but rather in terms of flow and how I feel while working. I hope the Pomodoro technique will allow me to be in a state of flow more often my pacing my work with short, refreshing breaks. Another thing I found that plays a big role in allowing someone to enter a flow state is proper posture. I often find myself with terrible posture for prolonged periods of time, resulting in pain and a general feeling of laziness. During phase 0 I will create the habit of proper posture to feel good during the time I spend working.

1.2 The Command Line

1.4 Forking and Cloning
To create a new repository you simply click the "+" sign on the top right of github's UI and then click on "new repository". This will send you to a page where you will be asked to fill in details about your new repository (name, description, whether you want it to be public or private, etc). When you are done, click on "create repository". You have successfully created a new "repo" on Github!

Now, to fork a repo you simply click on the "fork" button, right below the "+" button you previously used to create one, and choose to which account you want to fork it to. Forking repos is used to work on a project without affecting the original version. As you can imagine, this is particularly useful when working in teams and working on open source projects.

To clone a repo to your computer you have to copy and paste the repo's URL on your terminal after typing in "git clone". It should look like this -> git clone "repo'sURL"

At first I found the Github UI a bit odd but after learning how to fork and playing around a bit I found that it actually is intuitive and neat, not that I am a master by now but I can get around GitHub with more ease. It was very satisfying to clone a repo to my computer and getting to it with "cd" and seeing its content with "ls". Despite being a simple process I am still wrestling with the terminal so it fell like a fair success to me. Neither git or Github were troublesome to set up.
